Hong Zhenzhen, this sister is my little mother's subordinate
My mother's status is much higher than your father's
Really miss
You have now called the eldest sister's head little mother
Mom is so kind to me
Of course I have to call
Not allowed to call
I'm your future little mother
Hmm, Hong Minjin
I already said it
This Five Elements Hall was reserved for me by my little mother
These gifts were also given to me by my little mother
Impossible Impossible
These gifts are mine.
It's all mine.
Are you shameless?
The givers are all standing here
And you say these things are yours?
These gifts are worth over 500 million
Even if Hong Daying's entire estate is sold
I can't afford such an expensive gift either.
Can't afford it
Impossible Impossible
Please accept the gift, Miss Zhenzhen.
I would like to wish Miss Zhenzhen a happy birthday.
Youth lasts forever
Please accept the gift, Miss Zhenzhen.
Happy birthday to you.
Youth lasts forever
But it's too expensive
Dad, this is also the intention of appearing in court
Just take it
Ok thanks hmm
Four cripples, how dare you touch my gift?
I fought with you